[Music]
I tell myself that I'm Us
know yet I savor the season a
at one the beats I was scared
earth the horizons tin the bites
slits like your body on mine
I know that yes I love
your skin I have cursed reasons but
wings in my back geffroy suits
absence is sure on my forehead of
armor of helplessness when I hear
any name I have much doubted time
freeze links ignore passers-by and
do not think of anything I want to leave well
to say even resign myself but you forget
it's my life is an animated dream I want
to offer you the world to lose my faith
slow down the second when you're near
I want to tap the walls
even tap up to blood I do not care
injuries I want to be alive I
want to run out until my last
breath create up to the ural on the
motorway areas
I'm screaming but she's in pain
against you I look down
I can not do it for myself
turned towards pretending to exist is seen
in my eyes I can not hide anything from you
I did the dead and hang
the moment it's a question of hope a
willing look I would like to
undo tasks and your smell
the horizon but the earth turns too empty
and I'm afraid I want the air conditioning is
as low as I need it
the balanced lose it again I do not
do not know my name anymore
I lost my memory a single reason
is soaked in hope I would like to give up
before it's too late yes but the
clenched fists and the audacity to believe it
[Music]
I am very afraid that
I'm afraid of them
I'm pretty scared
[Music]
I lost the north
go back on my steps even the end of the world
do not stop me from building those of
walls like chains I do not
could I'm sure I'll come up
I could defend myself against
entire world even never make me
even if I have to stay what I
claim in my future kingdom his
protected taillieu that make me a good
stopper is planting
in short the time I go to go I
take
frisians o sell the eyes the universe
is a man but if you want me
the ground is shaking and I will fall
I get up again I get
will look up I'll close my eyes
I have my parents and the roads
sense behind me and I hold back my
breath
I'm afraid of them
[Music]
I'm afraid to love you
jme ripped on
earth from the deserts the eternal
eternity also abolish the proud
hmidi killed the nights
to lose sleep when you're in
die sleeve can no longer pretend
hide
to be tempted arms I could kill
god i want pesetas mouth game
retained my body counts to the body
I'm afraid of them
[Music]
I'm afraid tinée
tb
[Music]
I'm afraid of them
I'm afraid to love you
[Music]
I'm afraid of them
I'm afraid of the land
[Applause]